[Music]
e
I
know
you got the
feeling I
know you got to
feel I know
you're you got to
feel I
[Music]
know you got to feeling you got to
feeling you got to feeling you got
[Music]
[Applause]
w
you got
feel I
[Applause]
[Music]
know you got
feel I know you're there
you got to feel me I know you're
there you got to feel me I know
you you got the feeling you got the
feeling you got the feeling you got to
feel you got to feel you got to feel
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
you
Brea me in and let me
go feeling the lungs inside you and the
black KN make my way into your mind
just to know what you KN rest every time
we
start
[Music]
as lost
control is Paradise with nasty
but the of the
[Music]
night Darkness take
control